mgm presents
westworld
your attention please we will soon be
landing at westworld
the ultimate resort we have you on grid
five over it consists of three worlds of
the past
locking in now worlds where you can live
out your every fantasy
there's roman world the lusty decadent
delights of imperial pompeii
notify ground crews medieval world
chivalry and combat in 13th century
europe
and westworld lawless violence on the
american frontier of the 1880s
each resort is maintained by reliable
computer technology and peopled
by lifelike robot men and women let's
stand by for resort activation ready on
six
on five on four on three on two
activate now
our robots are programmed to provide you
with an
unforgettable vacation dinner at seven
breakfast at 6
30. get lunch on your own don't look
like much here but
we have everything you mean to tell me
he's a robot
what'll it be uh vodka martini on the
rocks with a twist of lemon very dry
please
just give them whiskey he's new in town
many elements of the delos resort are
potentially dangerous that's part of the
appeal
go on you say something boy kill him
your move
our technology is designed to provide
all this
in complete safety in westworld
frustrations find release
[Applause]
that's not supposed to happen we know
you'll enjoy your stay in westworld
call it the ultimate resort let me do it
this time
we're nothing nothing can possibly go
wrong i'm sure
go wrong raw go wrong oh my god
shut down shut down immediately
westworld from mgm starring yul brynner
richard benjamin and james brolin
[Music]
[Applause]
westworld the ultimate resort
boy do we have a vacation for you
for you for you
[Music]